Closes #1565 - Update R Versions blurb in FAQ (#1567)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/faq.Rmd

 
##### Why do we use a **certain R version and package versions** for development?

> * The choice of R Version is not set in stone.  However, a common development environment is important to establish when working across multiple companies and multiple developers. We currently work in R Version 4.0.5, but that will change as we move forward with `{admiral}`. This need for a common development environment also carries over for our choice of package versions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The choice of R Version is not set in stone.  However, a common development environment is important to establish when working across multiple companies and multiple developers. We currently work in earliest of the three latest R Versions. This need for a common development environment also carries over for our choice of package versions.  
```

> * GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against R Version 4.0.5 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2021-03-31, R Version 4.1.3 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2022-03-10 and the latest R version with the latest snapshots of packages.  You can view this workflow and others on our [admiralci GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiralci).

Reviewer: So we had this discussion in another vignette.  I think we should make this language more vague so we don't have to update it again.

> * GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against R Version 4.0.5 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2021-03-31, R Version 4.1.3 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2022-03-10 and the latest R version with the latest snapshots of packages.  You can view this workflow and others on our [admiralci GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiralci).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against the last 3 R Versions and the closest snapshots of packages to those R versions.  You can view this workflow and others on our [admiralci GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiralci).
```
